You've learned a lot about
some complex topics.
I want to congratulate you for
coming this far in the program.
Let's recap what we've
covered in this section.
First, we discussed common network
protocols like TCP, ARP, HTTPS, and DNS.
And then we covered how
virtual private networks, or
VPNs, can be used to maintain
privacy on a public network.
Finally, we explored how firewalls,
security zones, and
proxy servers help to secure
network infrastructure.
Overall, network operations is a vast
topic involving various tools,
protocols, and techniques that help
networks run smoothly and securely.
Feel free to come back and
review these videos at any time.
You'll use this information in any
type of role as a security analyst.